# ds-project

Paper in overleaf
[https://www.overleaf.com/7986189951hrtgzysdkjtg#806dd2](https://www.overleaf.com/read/nsymvrvfjmbs#a18c9b)

#abstract
This is because students in cybersecurity are learning how to ensure that professionals are well-equipped to secure their organizations from sophisticated cyber threats in the rapidly digitizing environment. The objective of this article, therefore, is to critically assess several cybersecurity study programs according to the needs of the industry as expressed by the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) using its European Cybersecurity Skills Framework (ECSF). The paper employs advanced text mining through the Cybersecurity Higher Education Database (CYBERHEAD) coupled with Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) for vectorization and also utilizes the dimension reduction as given by techniques, including Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) and Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF). These transform qualitative descriptions of study programs into quantitative structures, which are quickly processed and analyzed. This is further followed by K-Means clustering for aligning the study programs with the 12 skill roles as specified in ECSF.

Our experimental results have shown variations in the distributions of study programs across these clusters. In addition, the performance of clustering, according to Silhouette Scores and Davies-Bouldin Index, demonstrated that NMF-based clustering slightly outperformed SVD-based clustering. Top keywords from each cluster are also identified to expose some of the informative lead topics gripped by each group. Such findings give ground for curriculum development enhancement based on need compliance and the discrepancies illuminated. This shows the effective combinational property of TF-IDF, dimensionality reduction, and clustering techniques in organizing and analyzing educational program data to assist in the optimization of cybersecurity education to meet market demand more effectively.
